Names: 

Princess Candice
Prince Nice Cube
Hunk, the lonely villain - http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/hunk

Story: The lonely, gay villain Hunk kidnaps Prince Nice Cube from his wedding and Princess Candice goes on a quest to rescue her beloved groom. 

Scene 1: Hunk kidnaps Prince Nice Cube - Princess Candice chases after them

Once upon a time, in a far away kingdom, Hunk was very lonely. One day, as he was sitting alone in his castle, 
he decided he needed a friend. Someone to hang out with and cuddle. 
And then, when he heard that Prince Nice Cube was about to marry Princess Candice...

He decided to kidnap the Prince. 

Because he looked squishy. And cute.

So, on the wedding day he carried out his evil plan.

Candice: Oh no! My prince is gone! 

Hunk: Ah ha ha! 

Candice: I won't let you get away like this. I am going to catch you and get my groom back!


Scene 2: Hunk awaits Princess Candice at his castle and starts chasing her through the corridors

Hunk: You will never get him back! He is mine now!

Candice: Oh, of course I will. You, give him back now!

Nice Cube: Uh... Candice... Don't you think I can handle this myself?

Candice: No worries, honey, I will rescue you.

Hunk: Oh, will you? First you will have to deal with my dog!

Dog: .oO( Plaaaaay?! )


Scene 3: Princess Candice stands up to Hunk in an epic final battle (they approach each other)

Candice: Hah! I outran your beast! Now you have nowhere to run anymore. Give me my prince back!

Nice Cube: Uh... Candice... Actually we were having a lot of fun together... I don't wanna go...

Candice: Shush, honey, I am here now. Everything will be fine.

Hunk: You will never defeat me!


Scene 4: The Princess looks for the Prince and they escape together

Candice: Finally the evil Hunk is defeated!

Nice Cube: I miss him already... 

Candice: Shush, honey. Now we only have to get back home and get married and live happily ever after!

Nice Cube: Oh, how delightful...


Scene 5: Princess and Prince finally stand before the altar again

Priest: Candice, do you take Nice Cube to be your husband; to live together in the covenant of marriage?

Candice: I do.

Priest: Nice Cube, do you take Candice to be your wife; to live together in the covenant of marriage?

Nice Cube: Actually... I reconsidered. For the first time in my life, I've really had fun.
I'm sorry Candice, but I think I am gay and now I finally know it, thanks to Hunk. I will never forgive you for killing him!

And so, Nice Cube runs out of the chapel and to this day doesn't live happily ever after, but holds a grudge against the mean Princess Candice.


Puns:

have you ever tried to mangle a flexible rectangle?
You're going home in a box!
Schroedinger's dog